home/command/media/tv;Start TV
home/command/media/music;Start music
home/command/media/off;Stop all media
home/command/volup;Volume Up
home/command/voldown;Volume Down
home/command/mute;Mute
home/command/tvdecoder/next;Next TV channel
home/command/tvdecoder/previous;Previous TV channel
home/command/music/next;Next music track
home/command/music/previous;Previous music track
home/command/music/off;Music Off
home/command/tv/on;TV power toggle
home/command/tvdecoder/on;TV Decoder - Power
home/command/tvdecoder/up;TV Decoder - Up
home/command/tvdecoder/down;TV Decoder - Down
home/command/tvdecoder/left;TV Decoder - Left
home/command/tvdecoder/right;TV Decoder - Right
home/command/tvdecoder/ok;TV Decoder - OK
home/command/tvdecoder/back;TV Decoder - Back
home/command/tv/pause;TV Decoder - Pause
home/command/music/pauseplay;Music - Pause/Play
home/command/robot/on;Robot - On
home/command/robot/off;Robot - Off
home/command/robot/pause;Robot - Pause
home/command/jaiko/pee;Jaiko - Peed
home/command/jaiko/poop;Jaiko - Pooped
home/command/jaiko/fed;Jaiko - Fed
